The interesting thing is to put all the documents on the web.
Or the most interesting document, for example.
Do you have an idea, roughly, how many documents there are in the archives?
It just takes a wild guess, as we say.
It's a lot.
Of course you can't put everything on, it takes probably 50 years to put all these things on the Cd Rome.
So my idea was, just to begin with the index, because it's all catalogued in here and in these other books.
it's doable yes and you can type it directly so the people who buy these CD-ROMs can do a research on a database and which is searchable so it's not just images so you want to look for Kristina of Saxony or of Svezia and then you find
You know that in the Archivio Massimo there is something about Cristina Svezia or you know that in the Archivio Colonna there is something about Cristina Svezia.
Guides to the archives.
So the second step is you call me or the Archivio Colonna or if we have a website with these things on it, just send an email saying I would like to see this, can you put it on the web or can you send me a photograph or whatever.
Now when scholars come do they work in here, in this room here?
Um, yes.
No, we don't have scholars.
I mean, they are all... We don't have children.
No, scholars, I mean... Scientists.
Ah, scientists.
No, no, no, academics.
Academics, yes.
They come in here.
Yeah, in here or in another room if they're alone.
But normally, they're in here.
Well, he answered the question because...
what was on the index, they could have access to a copy of the material afterwards.
If you want to look for something, let's say a Caravaggio document, I'd like to, yes, you mentioned Caravaggio several times, there must be some, now, what would the correspondence with Caravaggio tell us?
Are they ordering a painting from him or something?
Yes.
And do we know the painting?
For example, I know about, yes, we have a lot of paintings.
Of Caravaggio, not anymore, because we don't know exactly which painting it is.
But it was just written a painting of, I don't know what... Madonna and Child, for example.
So we don't know exactly which one.
Nobody knows because it was published.
But I talk about this Caravaggio because it was published, so I saw it.
There are a lot of other documents which I don't know and I didn't see.
Because my... I mean, I'm not an archivist, so I... You're very seldom.
Actually, I'm in nuclear physics.
I'm in elementary particle physics.
Where do you do this?
You should tell us a little bit about this.
In Rome.
I studied in Rome.
I worked in the United States on a cosmic ray project.
Where did you go to school?
Rome.
University of Rome, third field.
But I like all these things.
I have lots of ideas, so that's why I'm trying to do this.
This is what they call a retrospective conversion.
They would have to convert this into a digital format.
Yes, just have to type it.
But I think it would just be keyboarded in.
It wouldn't have to be scanned or anything like that.
It's not all cool.
No, I mean, they wouldn't have to scan it either.
It would just be key.
They would just have to keyboard it in.
Yeah, you just have to type it.
It's very difficult to scan this.
No, the things you have to scan is all the documents.
That's a 50 year project.
But this is for scholars.
So they know there is this document and they take the image
What do you suppose that circular staircase was?
What was the function of that?
So that's a working staircase then?
Yeah.
You can see all the archives here.
Can you see?
I'm glad there are other manuscripts.
Do you mind if I just take a walk up here and take a few pictures?
The cats like it there.
Thank you.
Can you hold all of us?
One at a time, Nick.
It's an old one.
And near the top, there's one step that goes kind of through.
So don't step on that one.
Just step up.
And it's kind of... Nick, I don't know if you should come up here.
You're coming.
I'm glad.
So here are the manuscripts of the San Vino.
Are you all right?
Yes, we're here.
This is, again, Van Vigneau.
He's very famous in the... Oh, yeah, I can see why you're... Watch out now.
Give me your notebook, you know.
Give me your notebook.
I got it.
I made it.
You made it.
Okay.
So this is another...
No, maybe it's published, I don't know, but it's all the original.
I don't know if it's published.
I had to ask... These are the original books we have from the Times of Anvish.
So the book about our families was commissioned.
Oh, so you commissioned it from him.
These are just two more books from here.
These are all the things which are in the Basilica of San Pietro.
So the importance of all things, all the description of seven books.
And this is something else.
This is another one.
This is another basilica but of Laterano.
Because in the Laterano there is a chapel of Massimo.
for example.
But we have, the library is not in here, the books.
What is it?
Locazione.
Locazione is a land or flat.
That's family business.
Yes.
Probably land.
Amazing.
And as this is peeled away, something wonderful is going to reveal itself, right?
This is all underneath now.
I'm just trying to estimate the size of the room.
10 meters maybe or less.
And about... Something important must have been in here, I mean, to justify the painting of this.
Well, we have paintings by big painters.
I mean, Giulio Romano, Gerindel Vaga.
Well, they were from the Roman school of 16th century, of Raffaello.
I understand, but this room, we're trying to figure out what this room is.
Ah, the room.
Yes.
To have brought in an artist and a school.
I didn't know, but we have other rooms here on the first floor, on the ground floor, which are all painted like this.
It's a palace.
Every room is beautiful.
It's every room here in the palace is close, close.
Nearly every room.
And how many, how many, like, is that, uh, cassette roof in?
Yes, up here.
And how many?
The most important part is about here.
And how many rooms are there in the palace?
About... About... The palace?
What can it... I have no idea.
Maybe 50.
I don't know how much, maybe more.
But there are maybe 50, let's say 50.
But there are huge rooms.
For example, up here is a huge room.
We have a huge statuette, a Roman statuette.
I heard that there would be a famous copy of Doriforos in that too.
Discobolo.
The Discobolo was found in this villa we had in where now is Tassone Termini, Villa Palombara.
Palombara was in Stavelli and was discovered by, it belonged to us at that time,
and it was discovered there by this, by Favelli, which was a master of mine.
In the palace?
No, unfortunately the statue was divided in the 19th century and other things with the Lancelotti family and the statue went to the Lancelotti family
So it's in Palazzo Lancelotti?
No, it was sold.
So you don't know where it is?
Yes, yes, yes.
It is known where it is.
I don't know now exactly where it is.
It is in the... The state owns it now.
Maybe it's in the... The museum?
OK, should we go down?
Yeah, the kitty is here.
OK.
Should we head down?
Yes.
Okay.
Do you want to go first?
I'll try.
Do you want me to go?
Give me the tape record.
Van Vigne is a very famous one.
So we have here manuscripts by him.
I have it, I wrote it down.
So I'm sorry I can't show you these autographs by Caravaggio and others.
That's fine.
I think... I have to ask because they are closed in a couple.
And now there is... My father's work is not here in Rome.
It's too funny.
These are photographs of the time and there is an interesting thing there.
There is this story.
It is still there.
Like the Egyptian door, it is called the magic door.
It was done by this big alchemist.
It was a very famous one, Giacomo Della Porte.
No, no, no.
Di Savelli, Marchese di Palombara.
And here there are some inscriptions, very strange one, I don't know.
I don't know what they mean, with all the alchemic signs.
And you can still see this.
Where is it?
This is Piazza Vittorio, near the Stazione Termi, because it was a huge villa like the Villa Borghio.
It was huge.
Villa Piccolo Melli, no?
No, no, no.
And there you can see still the Casino Massimo.
Casino Massimo is still there.
It wasn't destroyed.
And there you have all the paintings by the Nazareni.
There were all these German paintings, very famous, which painted like Raffaello.
Nazareni they were called.
Nazareni from Christ.
Because they had all long hair to like the Christ, to recall them Nazareni.
And they were again, they painted by Massimo, were all around the family.
So they painted a lot of things right.
But this is 19th century already.
Just for this point.
still there and there is all a story about this alchemic thing that another famous alchemist came to this villa and talked to my ancestor of mine and he said he had he knew how to do gold you know like the dream of the alchemist and he went into the
The cabinet alchemist.
The room of the alchemist.
Yes, the room of the alchemist.
Laboratory.
Laboratory, yes.
He went into the laboratory and the next morning, this ancestor of mine went in and found some gold.
And this man, this famous alchemist, disappeared.
There was no more to see there.
And now you have the secret.
Sorry?
So now you have the secret.
No, I don't have it.
Nobody has.
And he found these strange symbols which he let him raise on me.
But the real thing was, like this ancestor, mine was a big alchemy.
So this is the story, but in fact he did and he wrote some very strange things which we don't understand about.
And your relatives, your ancestors.
He wrote strange things.
And he was the one who did this for tonight.
Wow.
You would take a picture of all the scenes there, and I go and do a stretch in the city.
This is on the early 16th century.
Outside, too.
And outside, it has a new door.
And outside, in the center, you find a photo house with Hercule.
Hercule is running off the side with a...
That's a picture I want right there.
Ah, exactly.
I didn't listen.
Okay, right here.
I have more facts about this.
Tell me anybody else.
Oh, what?
I have more facts about this.
Stand right here.
Like this.
Excuse me, Nick, but I want to get my bride right here.
That's great.
All right.
All right, Nicholas.
Stand over here with me.
I'm a little bit of journaling.
You're welcome.
Yeah, I'm a little bit.
That's fine.
Come on, you're welcome.
You too.
You can tell me my little shit.
When he was a child, very small, there were two kings that went to his villa, where he was late.
Let's say he died.
And as he was a child,
Put their hands?
Put their hands.
I like that too.
I want to get it through the lighting section.
I want to turn it a little closer.
I like it tighter.
So I always make photos there and everybody else here.
Let's see the council guys in the road.
The council which I was talking about.
It was the first of the press of Schweinheim and Vanna.
And then it was taken because it was the old road through Fina which went through all.
So it was taken from the first time.
And it belongs to us from the year 60s.
No, absolutely.
Absolutely.
I told you about it.
It belongs to Seattle.
It was one of these clothes in Benedictino.
I suppose the one with Seattle.
OK.
What have you been told?
Yeah.
How about if I get a picture of you in the doorway here, like this, too?
Okay, upstairs in the road here.
... ... ... ... ...
Oh, I see, okay, yes, I see.
Is it right?
So, you... See the Crestos?
You look at the Crestos.
It was rented to the one...
You have to be a former leader.
Crenel.
Now they move.
What's up there down there?
What's your mission?
Articles.
Okay.
So here you have some other questions.
You have to be in.
Are you up to your desk?
Yes.
I remember some of the things there.
Oh, look at the train.
Look, look, look.
Look, you look upstairs.
Look at the frescoes.
Fresco is probably full green.
Wow.
Oh.
This is what I call my sentence.
This is all Roman.
This is Romero?
Romero, no.
You saw the impunable, the mystery of Rome.
Prince, can I maybe stand right in front of that door?
No, we'll hold the jacket.
This is lovely.
This is nice.
Professor, main entrance.
Are you ready?
That's it.
Can you look at me?
I'm going to take another one.
I want to take one more.
Yes, but it's not here.
No, it's the other floor.
And the church is on this side.
You say your sister lives here?
Yes.
So where is your apartment?
Put a right on me, sir.
The middle circle.
Thanks.
This line, there was during the last war, the second world war, the Germans were in Rome after the 43th, they occupied Rome and they were going on to buy this one.
Goering was going around, he forced things to stop.
It was forced, but then the Germans took it away, but in fact it was forced.
No, it was forced to go to Jonathan.
After all, the Italian state government said that it was forced.
In fact it was forced.
Goering wanted to buy this.
No, he didn't call him.
My grandfather didn't want to sell him, so he told him a very high price.
I'm surprised what, of course, Italy was here.
I'm amazed he didn't just steal it.
No, no, no, they didn't steal it at all.
Even in the countryside, we had... No, they were quite...
in the country side when they went back to the north in the 44 or 45 it must have been just the color it must have been so white but it was new it must have been just uh and it's beautiful now a lovely
It is how these steps have worn through the centuries, you know.
Millions and millions of steps have been locked down, these people were feasible.
Somebody said it was a lovely man.
Well, I think it is not true.
It is true.
Full of Roman things.
You can go full of Roman things, because Rome was under a mess.
So here there is a... Gazzanahona was the Stadion of Domuziano, the emperor of Domuziano.
And there was...
Here were columns and... And here you can, you have these tunnels, you go everywhere in Rome.
Yeah, this must be quite an archaeological site.
Do you have, like, rooms underneath so you can... Underneath?
Yeah, so you can... Okay.
You can go up to Rome underneath.
What are these here?
What is all this?
From ancient Rome?
Yes.
Some of them are in Greek.
Look at this door.
How old is that door?
Right on the nose, huh?
No.
He's got a tundra mat now.
That tundra is great.
You want me?
Thank you.
Wait a minute, don't shoot it yet.
Don't shoot it.
You want it?
No.
Seriously?
So that's a burial thing for the moment?
Yes.
It's dedicated to Happy Week.
Fascinating, huh?
I love that.
What do you call that room up there?
That room where you just stand, that's a loggia?
L-O-G-I-A, right?
It's quite amusing, this palace, because it is the first palace, which is not, as you have expected,
It's on land, but it's on a curve.
I say that again?
Convect.
Yes.
And this too is very strange.
This hole from which the sand enters into the area.
Otherwise it would be very dark.
So it was...